## 2023-03-08

Hi all—

It's been a week of decisions for me. Classes, internships, colleges... someone needs to write a chat bot that prompts me with questions and trims down the decision tree for me (DecideGPT?). 

A short, newsletter-related update:  
From now on I'm going to send a new puzzle/brain-teaser/whatever each week in these emails, where the solution will be contained in the next email. You can find these towards the end of the email. Some of you might have already seen this one, sorry, but your solution might have involved more than one cut. 

### **New content:**
There is no new blog this week (it sitting in drafts though), but there are three new poems. All of them are sad. 

- Juno's ring: based on a bit of imagery I came across while reading Neal Stephenson's Seveneves (which is an amazing book for anyone at all interested in Sci-Fi). 

These two poems both have something to do with impostor syndrome.
- (not) enough: I think we are all prone to making demoralizing comparisons about ourselves and feeling awful afterwards. 
- inadequacy: Questioning whether people lie to us to make us feel better, or maybe we lie to ourselves.

### **Today's puzzle:**
Chocolate Brownies: There is a delicious brownie baked in a rectangular pan, and someone cut out a piece of it and now you want to split the rest of the brownie in two halves. The problem is that the person was very evil and took their piece from somewhere in the interior (meaning not aligned with the edges). The cutout piece is also a rectangle, but with sides not necessarily parallel to the sides of the pan. How can you make one straight cut to divide the remaining brownie in half?

