## 2023-03-25 - classic impostor syndrome
	
Hi everyone-

I hope you're all doing well this week. For some reason, it seems like it's been stressful for everyone. Even one of my professors, when I met with him yesterday, said he hadn't looked at any of our exams and was stressed because he hadn't done any work on his collaboration. So relatable... 

By the way, there's a pretty exciting bit of news. The math people discovered a tiling that never repeats itself. The last person to have done something similar was Penrose, with Penrose tiles, but a tiling using only one shape wasn't discovered until yesterday. Today's puzzle is somewhat related to this!

This one has been sitting in my drafts folder for quite some time. Over the past week and a half, I kept having more thoughts to add to it and it's now quite long. As the subject line suggests, it's about impostor syndrome, which certainly deserves a long discussion. I hope you will read it and not relate at all, but in the more likely case that you do, I hope it can be of some comfort to you. 

>    At first, I thought people were just being modest. But it soon became clear that people were reluctant to recognize in themselves the same traits that awed them in other people.  
> _-The year to eradicate impostor syndrome_

Anyway, here's the link to my blog: https://www.kennethsun.net/posts/impostor.

<p class='news-section'> Today's Puzzle </p>

You have an 8x8 chessboard with squares alternative black and white. You also have some 1x2 dominoes which you can lay down on the board to cover exactly 2 squares. If you can cover every square on the board with dominoes and ensure no pieces overlap or hang off the edge of the board, then the dominoes "tile" the board. 

Now suppose you remove two diagonally opposite corner squares (i.e. a1-h8 or a8-h1), find an arrangement of dominoes that tiles the board or prove that it can't be done. There's a good argument that doesn't rely on exhausting all the cases.

Some additional explorations in the same vein, if you feel up for it: 
- Generalize this idea. Remove any random two squares. Which ones can be tiled?
- If you placed a knight on every square of a 7x7 board. Is it possible for every knight to simultaneously make a legal move (one square in one axis and two squares in the other). 

**Hint & Solution to last week's**  
I will provide the solution to last week's puzzle (dividing brownies) below, but first a hint in case you forgot and want to try again: how do you cut a rectangle in half, at any angle?

**Solution:**  
The solution surely exists by a variant of the Ham Sandwich theorem (creds to my friend Aidan who found this), which says that for 2 measurable objects in 2-D space, there is a line that divides each in half. The trick itself is to cut on the line through the center of both rectangles. This divides the remainder in half because a line through the center of a rectangle always splits it in half, so this cut evenly splits the remaining brownie + the portion that's missing.
