## 2023-04-09 - existence and getting by 

Helo everyone,

It seems like these past weeks have been QLKdklafdjhalfefja for a lot of people. Definitely was for me. Personally I think I'm 3 whole days behind on work and life is starting to feel like one of Norm Macdonald's never-ending jokes, it just goes on and on, challenging you at every twist and turn, making you feel out application after application, and it just never ends, like one of those Victor Hugo books where there's a capital letter on one page, and 2 pages later finally a period, and it just keeps going until it either ends in catastrophe, or nothing happens-

Anyway, here's some new stuff:

New stuff
+ There is now a light-themed mode on the website (supposedly it's easier to read, idrk)
+ Footnotes show on hover (thanksgpt). Expect drastic increase in footnote lengths
~ The last email was so embarrassing that I'm transferring to UMich
+ [Dear Existence](http://kennethsun.net/posts/existence) - Pre-final-exams-projects-transfer-adulthood-irs-fueled existential crisis
+ [Things I live by](http://kennethsun.net/posts/live-by) - Websites, ideas, tools, etc. that I could not live without, in no particular order.

<p class='news-section'> Puzzle </p>

_Wine and water._  Suppose you have a glass of wine and a glass of water, each filled half-way. Using a spoon you transfer a spoonful of wine from the wine glass to the water glass and mix it a bit. Then using the same spoon you take a spoonful of the liquid from the water glass into the wine glass. Is there more wine in the water glass, or more water in the wine glass?

**Solution to last week's puzzle** – concerning if it's possible to tile a 8x8 chessboard with dominoes if two diagonally opposite corners are removed – no.

Imagine the chessboard checkered, then each domino must cover one of each color. With the diagonals removed, the colors of squares are uneven, so it's impossible to tile. 

